README.md, before:

# Thai Analysis Plugin for Elasticsearch

The Thaichub2 (thai-chub-chub) Analysis Plugin integrates the Thai word segmentation modules into Elasticsearch.

## Installation on Elasticsearch

- Download a release zip from the [release page](https://github.com/tlefsad/elasticsearch-analysis-thaichub2/releases) matching your ES version (Now supports only version 7.6.2).

- Install with this command

```sh
./bin/elasticsearch-plugin install --batch file:///<path to zip>
```

- Restart Elasticsearch

## Sample Usage

Sample request

```
POST _analyze
{
    "analyzer": "thaichub2_analyzer",
    "text": "นมตรามะลิ"
}
```

Result

```
{
  "tokens" : [
    {
      "token" : "นม",
      "start_offset" : 0,
      "end_offset" : 2,
      "type" : "word",
      "position" : 0
    },
    {
      "token" : "ตรา",
      "start_offset" : 2,
      "end_offset" : 5,
      "type" : "word",
      "position" : 1
    },
    {
      "token" : "มะลิ",
      "start_offset" : 5,
      "end_offset" : 9,
      "type" : "word",
      "position" : 2
    }
  ]
}
```

## Thanks
- [Vee Satayamas](https://github.com/veer66) for the Thai word segmentation library.

Commit message:

Add how to build the plugin using maven

README.md, after:

# Thai Analysis Plugin for Elasticsearch

The Thaichub2 (thai-chub-chub) Analysis Plugin integrates the Thai word segmentation modules into Elasticsearch.

## How to build thaichub2 plugin

Each Elasticsearch version requires different build of plugin. This page explains you how to.

You need to install Maven before building the plugin. (On MacOS you can use brew to install it)

```brew install maven

Clone ThaiChub2 from Git  

Edit “version” file pom.xml for your Elasticsearch version.


## Installation on Elasticsearch

- Download a release zip from the [release page](https://github.com/tlefsad/elasticsearch-analysis-thaichub2/releases) matching your ES version (Now supports only version 7.6.2).

- Install with this command

```sh
./bin/elasticsearch-plugin install --batch file:///<path to zip>
```

- Restart Elasticsearch

## Sample Usage

Sample request

```
POST _analyze
{
    "analyzer": "thaichub2_analyzer",
    "text": "นมตรามะลิ"
}
```

Result

```
{
  "tokens" : [
    {
      "token" : "นม",
      "start_offset" : 0,
      "end_offset" : 2,
      "type" : "word",
      "position" : 0
    },
    {
      "token" : "ตรา",
      "start_offset" : 2,
      "end_offset" : 5,
      "type" : "word",
      "position" : 1
    },
    {
      "token" : "มะลิ",
      "start_offset" : 5,
      "end_offset" : 9,
      "type" : "word",
      "position" : 2
    }
  ]
}
```

## Thanks
- [Vee Satayamas](https://github.com/veer66) for the Thai word segmentation library.
